#Frequently asked questions

= General =

=== What does KeepAwake do? ===
KeepAwake simply keeps running for a amount of time you specify and tells Windows not to enter energy-saving-mode while it as running.

=== That's not much. Why can't it wake up my PC, have time schedules, ...? ===
Because Windows can already do that. You can simply use the Task Scheduler to wake your PC. KeepAwake is a small tool to use with the Task Scheduler so your PC not only wakes up, but also stays awake for some time. See [TaskScheduler this wiki article on how to set this up].

=== I use wake-on-LAN to wake my PC remotely, but it starts sleeping a few minutes after that. Can KeepAwake help me? ===
Yes. You can start it manually to keep your PC awake after connecting, and you can even use the [TaskManager Task Manager] to start it automatically when you log on.

=== How can I stop KeepAwake before the set time runs out? ===
You can simply kill the task KeepAwake.exe. Windows will register that and allow sleep mode again.

=== I started KeepAwake, but I can still enter standby manually. What's wrong? ===
KeepAwake is not there to prevent you from manually entering standby, it's there to prevent automatic energy saving. However, the "/awaymode"-command-line-parameter may be what you're looking for: While KeepAwake is running with this parameter, pressing the standby-button will disable your screen and mute audio, but keep your PC running.

=== How can I check KeepAwake is working? How can I check if other programs block automatic energy saving? ===
Start a command prmt with administrative rights, and run "powercfg /requests".

=== With KeepAwake, my system keeps running, but the screen still turns off. ===
That's not a question.

=== _How_ can I stop my screen from turning off while KeepAwake is running? ===
Use the command-line argument "/display".

=== Why does KeepAwake stay running the whole time? It is wasting my resources! ===
Programs need to be running to keep Windows from entering standby. However, KeepAwake is a really small program. It uses less than 1 MB of RAM and zero† CPU while it is sleeping.

†Yes, zero. There is no footprint.

=== <Insert Question not listed on this page> ===
Ask your question [https://code.google.com/p/stayawake/issues/entry?template=help here].